# PyBer_Analysis
Starting with a new company "PyBer"  as a data analyst a ride-sharing company valued at 2.3 Billion.  The ride-share data needs to be analyzed from January to early May 2019, create visulizations to determine the affordability for each neighborhood.  This report when be shared in a stockholders meeting to be discussed.
Given two Datasets containging four moneths of ridesharing data needs to be inspected and cleaned.  To compare values of datasets use Line, bar, scatter or pie graphs.  To show how indeviual parts made a whole use pie, or stacked bar charts.  When needed to show distrubution of the data and outliers use line, bar, scatter, or box and whisker graphs, to show trends over time use line or bar graphs.  Then to establish relationships between variabes use lie, scatter or bubble chart.  Once determined which chart or grpah that need to be created it will need to have detailed annotates to understand what is being represented for disccussion.  Using the Matplotlib Library allows these charts to be created and modified.  
Created where a bubble chart that shows the average fare verus the total number of drivers for each size based on total numer of drivers in each city type.  The total number of rides, average fare, and total number of drivers in each city had it's mean, median, and mode was determined. A box and whisker plot shows the number of rides, fares, and number of drivers for each city.  A Pie chart was created for each percent of total fares, percent total rides, and percent total drivers.
After creating and understanding this information the exploratory part of the analytical process begins.  There are new Datasets to understand the information further. What type of Data and information is actually given to be precented.  Getting details are important and doing the graphs in the company colors helped visuals.  
The Summary helps stakeholders make decisions about which type of cities need more driver support.  The describe() function on the DataFrame allowed us to bring the Data together.  It also allows them to look at which city type generate the most.
